# PillowLibrary
This will be a demonstration of some of the Pillow's library features: Such as, reformat(.save), resize(.thumbnail), color change (.convert), and blur (.GaussianBlur) which is part of the ImageFilter.


Pillow Library
Python is known for its libraries. It has around 250 libraries. Every library has its own functions and will allow the user to do many important tasks. To this assignment I have chosen to use the pillow library. Pillow is a library that makes it easy to edit images.
The Python Imaging Library adds image processing capabilities to the Python interpreter. The pillow library provides extensive file format support, an efficient internal representation, and fairly powerful image processing capabilities. The core image library is designed for fast access to data stored in a few basic pixel formats. It should provide a solid foundation for a general image processing tool. As examples, the pillow can change the format of the image file from (.jpg) to (.png) with no problems. It is very useful when needed to change many images at the same time. Another use of the pillow library is the ability to change the size of the image, rotate the image, and also blur it.
In the pillow library some commands are very easy to use. Such as the PIL.Image.merge(mode, bands) command, which will merge a set of single band images into a new multiband image. Another very useful function is the Image.copy(), which will allow the user to copy the image, it’s used when there is a necessity to paste things into an image, but still want to retain the original image. If the image is not the way the user wants it. It’s possible to apply some filters to it. Using the function Image.filter(filter), the list of available filters is found in the ImageFilter module. Also, if the image is not the size desired, it’s possible to change it with the Image.resize(size, resample=3, box=None, reducing_gap=None) function. 
To conclude, it is possible to say that the pillow library can do pretty much anything with a image. There are modules for every single imaginable option of editing images in this library. More information on the modules and documentation of the pillow library can be found in the website (https://pillow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/reference/Image.html#PIL.Image.eval).
